Corrections in the docs (#911)
shipshapecode/shepherd: docs-src/tutorials/02-usage.md

- `title`: The step's title. It becomes an `h3` at the top of the step.
- `attachTo`: What element the step should be attached to on the page.
It should be an object with the properties `element` and `on`, where `element` is an element selector string

> or a DOM element and `on` is the optional direction to place the step element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or a DOM element and `on` is the optional direction to place the Popper tooltip.
```

Author: Popper is not really a "tooltip", but can do 👍

Reviewer: We're creating tooltips with Popper though

Author: True :)
